	
	1. When starting at a company, the first thing I wanna do is:

I want to become familiar with the company’s data, so she connects to the database and uses SQL to explore the database.

	
	2. I want to determine what percent of users make it through each step of the funnel so that I can recommend improvements to the website.

I wanna combine three different tables which gives me: 

	1. The timestemp of users who visited different item description pages. 
	2. Use the checkout timestemp which provides me the users checkouts page.
	3. An the timestamp of the purchase of users who make a successfull purchse though the website.

These three different sheets will provide my a number of the user who checkout & who browse in percentage.

	3. The next step will be, defining the chrun rate of the users who visited the website itself. 


	Formular for the churn rate: 
	
	Cancelation divided by total subscribers = chrun rate in percentage
  
	
	Determining Web traffic attribution
	4. Now my boss wanna know, how the propects are finding the website by UTM parameters.
	
	The UTM paramparameters are a special tag which I use to know, which website the user have been before they came to my website. 
	
	The utm source tells me exactly from which source my visitor came from.
	
	
	Disclaimer: 
	
	A relational database is a database that organizes information into one or more tables. Here, the relational database contains one table. 
	A table is a collection of data organized into rows and columns. Tables are sometimes referred to as relations. Here the table is celebs. 
	A column is a set of data values of a particular type. Here, id, name, and age are the columns. 
	A row is a single record in a table. The first row in the celebs table has:
		• An id of 1
		• A name of Justin Bieber
		• An age of 22
	
  All data stored in a relational database is of a certain data type. Some of the most common data types are: 
		• INTEGER, a positive or negative whole number
		• TEXT, a text string
		• DATE, the date formatted as YYYY-MM-DD
		• REAL, a decimal value
	
	
	
	
	
	




